cleaned up and extended file format support for asset bundle (#29)
terascope/file-assets: README.md

# file-assets

> This is a set of Teraslice processors for working with data stored in files on disk. The readers utilize the [chunked-file-reader](https://github.com/terascope/chunked-file-reader) module, which is shared across the file-related asset bundles.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A set of Teraslice processors for working with data stored in files on disk. The readers utilize the [chunked-file-reader](https://terascope.github.io/teraslice/docs/packages/chunked-file-reader/overview) module, which is shared across the file-related asset bundles.
```
